README.md, before:

# SimpleFinancialCenter

---

Simple application to monitor financial/forex market.
Application retrieve data from:
- https://www.alphavantage.co/ for **cryptocurrencies**
- https://freecurrencyapi.net/ for **fiat currencies**

Important:
Currently, due to limited free requests to https://www.alphavantage.co/ REST API, application allows analysis two cryptocurrencies (BTC, ETH), but in the future will support other cryptocurrencies and other financial and stock markets.

---
# Deployment
Application avaialble at https://switchcasekam.github.io/simple-financial-center/ 

----


# SimpleFinancialCenter

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

[CRYPTO][FIAT] update crypto components, turn off fiat module due to end of free access to rest api

README.md, after:

# SimpleFinancialCenter

---

Simple application to monitor crypto market.
Application retrieve data from:
- https://www.alphavantage.co/ for **cryptocurrencies**

Important:
Currently, due to limited free requests to https://www.alphavantage.co/ REST API, application allows analysis two cryptocurrencies (BTC, ETH), but in the future will support other cryptocurrencies and other financial and stock markets.

Future: another financial market, stocks can be added. 

---
# Deployment
Application avaialble at https://switchcasekam.github.io/simple-financial-center/ 

----


# SimpleFinancialCenter

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
